HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Read full article

Good Morning America

Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean'

JOSEPH RHEE, KEREN SCHIFFMAN, GERRY WAGSCHAL and LAUREN EFFRON

October 21, 2021, 2:53 AM·10 min read

Robert Bierenbaum, a former plastic surgeon who was convicted of murdering his wife in 2000, confessed to killing her and throwing her body out of an airplane after more than three decades of maintaining his innocence. Bierenbaum, an experienced pilot who had been convicted on circumstantial evidence, was serving his 20 years-to-life prison sentence when he made the chilling confession during a December 2020 parole board hearing. It was the first time he had admitted to the crime since his wife, Gail Katz, disappeared in 1985. Her body has never been found. “I wanted her to stop yelling at me and I attacked her,” according to a transcript of the hearing obtained by ABC News. When asked how, Bierenbaum said he “strangled” her, and went on to say, “I went flying. I opened the door and then took her body out of the airplane over the ocean,” the transcript said. He also told the board he killed his wife because he was “immature” and “didn’t understand how to deal with his anger,” according to the transcript. His admission shocked everyone involved in the case, because it was the exact theory prosecutors had presented in court at Bierenbaum’s 2000 murder trial. “I was like, ‘Holy s---, are you kidding me?’” said Dan Bibb, one of the prosecutors who brought Bierenbaum to justice. “I was stunned because I always thought that that day would never come, that he would own up, take responsibility for having killed his wife.” Bierenbaum remains in prison. His next parole hearing is scheduled for November. Watch the full story on "20/20" FRIDAY at 9 p.m. ET on ABC

Robert Bierenbaum and Gail Katz together in 1982. (Alayne Katz) When Gail Katz met Bierenbaum in the early ‘80s, he seemed like a perfect catch. At the time, she was in college and working odd jobs in Manhattan. He was a handsome surgical resident who spoke multiple languages, and had a passion for gourmet cooking, skiing and piloting small planes. He was known for taking women on short flights for romantic dates. But his love of flying, and one flight in particular, was key for prosecutors to convince a jury that Bierenbaum was a murderer, someone who killed Katz in a homicidal rage and got away with it for 15 years.

Story continues

“[Flying] is the crux of the story. I mean, it's the method that he tries to cover up his crime,” said Steve Saracco, a former Manhattan assistant district attorney who prosecuted the Bierenbaum case with Bibb. At first, their romance seemed “magical,” said Katz’s sister Alayne Katz, an attorney in New York state, but there were red flags. She said she went on a strange double date at a sushi restaurant, where Bierenbaum shoved food into her sister’s mouth, then tried to do the same with her. Alayne Katz also said her sister called her one day, hysterically crying, because Bierenbaum tried to drown her cat in the toilet of their Upper East Side apartment. “[She said], ‘No, no, no, Alayne… we're gonna get rid of the cat and then everything's gonna be fine because he's gonna believe that I love him,’” Alayne Katz said. “And I'm like, ‘No. Not really. You really have to get rid of Bob.’” Even still, Gail Katz decided to go through with marrying him. “My sister told me, ‘I'm smart. I'm loving. My love will cure. This is going to work out,’” Katz said.

Robert Bierenbaum and Gail Katz seen here sharing a meal in 1984. (Alayne Katz) MORE: Ex-principal who spent 33 years in prison for wife's murder fights to clear his name Over time, Gail Katz’s friends and family members noticed the marriage was growing toxic. Bierenbaum was very controlling and at one point a neighbor said Katz told him she didn’t feel comfortable at home. One night, Alayne Katz said Bierenbaum caught his wife smoking on their balcony and he choked her into unconsciousness. Gail Katz reported the incident to a police administrative aide at a local precinct but nothing came of it. “If this had happened in 2021 … Robert Bierenbaum would have been in handcuffs immediately,” Bibb said. “The fact that this was [1983] ... nothing was done about it.” She convinced Bierenbaum to see a therapist, who ended up writing her a letter suggesting she should get out of the marriage and he was concerned he might kill her. Still, her sister said, Katz brushed it off for a while, and told her sister she was planning on leaving him. Then on July 7, 1985, Gail Katz disappeared.

Gail Katz is seen here in this undated family photo. (Alayne Katz) Bierenbaum told her family and police they had a fight at their apartment and Katz stormed off. He claimed to have stayed home. Her sister wasn’t buying his story. “She's not with me, and she's not with my parents, and at that moment I know that my sister's dead,” Alayne Katz said. “And if she's not alive there's only one person who is a likely suspect to murder her, and it's Bob. There's no other suspect.” Days turned into weeks, then months, and there was still no sign of Gail Katz. Meanwhile, Bierenbaum was spending more time out in the Hamptons attending parties and dating other women. Eventually, the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office picked up the case and it went to chief investigator Det. Andy Rosenzweig. Knowing of Bierenbaum’s love of flying, Rosenzweig checked with the New Jersey airport Bierenbaum liked to rent planes from and discovered the doctor had taken a plane out on July 7, 1985, but Bierenbaum had doctored his flight log to make it look like he went flying the next day. Rosenzweig’s working theory was that the doctor had killed his wife and thrown her body into the Atlantic Ocean. However, without a body, the DA’s office told Katz’s family at the time they didn’t have enough evidence to pursue charges against Bierenbaum. The DA’s office closed their end of the investigation without bringing charges and the police department's investigation fizzled out. Bierenbaum continued to live his life as a free man. Then in May 1989, nearly four years after Katz’s disappearance, a torso washed up on Staten Island. This was a time before DNA forensics, and investigators tried to see if it belonged to Katz using old chest X-rays. “An X-ray technician compared this X-ray with the torso and said, ‘This is Gail,’” Alayne Katz said. “Now … we have a body to bury. We have some closure.” MORE: Convicted killers in millionaire's love triangle murder case maintain innocence By 1990, Bierenbaum had relocated to Las Vegas and opened his own plastic surgery practice. He started dating Dr. Stephanie Youngblood, a chiropractor, and she said their first year together was “perfect.”

PHOTO: Stephanie Youngblood and Robert Bierenbaum are seen here in this undated photo. (Stephanie Youngblood) “We went to medical black tie events ... we went on a lot of ski trips,” she said. “To go ski in Argentina in August when it's 114 in Las Vegas was absolute heaven.” Once again, he seemed like a perfect catch. Youngblood said Bierenbaum joined an organization that flew doctors and nurses in and out of Mexico to treat children who needed medical care.

Robert Bierenbaum and Stephanie Youngblood worked for Flying Doctors LIGA International, which flew medical staff to rural communities in Mexico. (Stephanie Youngblood) But over time, cracks in Bierenbaum’s facade started to appear. Youngblood said he eventually admitted he had been married before, but said his wife had disappeared and he didn’t like to talk about it. “The way he told the story, it was believable,” Youngblood said. “He goes, ‘Listen, this isn’t for public knowledge. I would really appreciate it if you kept this under wraps.’”

PHOTO: Robert Bierenbaum and Stephanie Youngblood seen here in this August 1990 photo. (Stephanie Youngblood) But there were two incidents where Youngblood said Bierenbaum exploded with rage at her in front of other people. After the second time, she said she convinced Bierenbaum they should see a therapist, who recommended Youngblood end the relationship because her “life could be in danger with him.” So she left him.

Stephanie Youngblood is seen here in an interview with '20/20.' (ABC News) Bierenbaum started dating again and, in 1996, he married a Las Vegas gynecologist named Janet Challot. The couple moved to Minot, North Dakota, to start a new life together, and eventually had a baby girl. No one in North Dakota knew about Bierenbaum’s past, and in fact he had become somewhat of a local hero for saving a boy’s life after he was bitten by a tiger at the North Dakota State Fair. “He looked good, wore suits, loved his child, loved dogs, just all over all things that you think would be great characteristics,” said Barb Cooper, who worked as a nanny for Bierenbaum. Meanwhile, back in New York, Rosenzweig was nearing retirement and was looking into cold cases that still haunted him. The Gail Katz’s disappearance case, which had been cold for 10 years by that point, was on his list. In 1998, Rozenzweig got back in touch with her family. DNA forensics existed by then and he convinced the Katz family to exhume the torso they had buried years ago to have it tested. “To our surprise, it came back that Gail Katz had been eliminated as a contributor of that sample,” said Bibb. When she heard the news, Alayne Katz said she was devastated. “That little, little shred of closure that I had has now been ripped away,” she said “I looked up at Dan [Bibb] and at Steve [Saracco], and I said, ‘Now, you better get a conviction.’”

Alayne Katz is seen here in an interview with '20/20.' (ABC News) Investigators decided to re-interview everyone from the case. They flew to North Dakota to speak to Bierenbaum and Vegas to talk to Youngblood, as well as other women Bierenbaum was known to have dated. One interview that struck investigators was with one of Bierenbaum’s former girlfriends from when he was still in New York City. She told them she was with him one night when he got a phone call from Port Authority police in New York City, saying they thought someone had found Katz. He told them he would call them later, then told her, “I doubt it’s Gail,” according to investigators. With this evidence, coupled with the proof Rozenzweig had uncovered years before that Bierenbaum took a flight on the day Katz disappeared, investigators moved forward with their case.

PHOTO: Steve Saracco, a former Manhattan assistant district attorney who prosecuted the Bierenbaum case, is seen here during an interview with '20/20.' (ABC News) MORE: 'Stanford murders' conviction renews hope for justice in 2nd alleged victim's cold case In 2000, a grand jury indicted Bierenbaum for second-degree murder. Fifteen years after her disappearance, he was finally going to trial for his wife’s death. “We knew it was going to be the toughest trial that we'd ever had. No forensics, no eye witnesses, entirely circumstantial,” Bibb said. “There was no foregone conclusion to this case, by any stretch of the imagination.”

Dan Bibb, a former Manhattan assistant district attorney who prosecuted the Bierenbaum case, is seen here during an interview with '20/20.' (ABC News) One of the biggest hurdles at trial for prosecutors was to convince a jury Bierenbaum could fly a small plane and push a body out of it at the same time, so they filmed a recreation of this exact scenario to show it was possible. “I thought the demonstration with the airplane was extremely effective, probably one of the critical moments of the case,” said Leslie Crocker Snyder, the judge who presided over the case. Bierenbaum’s defense tried to paint Gail Katz as an unstable woman with mental health issues and a drug problem, but her sister said none of this was true. They called a witness, a retired textile manufacturer, who claimed he saw Katz in a bagel shop days after she disappeared, but prosecutors were able to easily point out the woman he described didn’t match her description. After just five-and-a-half hours of deliberation, a jury found Bierenbaum guilty of murder. “I'll never forget … squeezing my brother's hand and slamming it down on his thigh and saying, ‘Guilty?’ with a question mark at the end because, ‘Did I just hear that?’” Alayne Katz said. “I was in shock … I was relieved.” He was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison. He made attempts over the years to have his conviction overturned but was unsuccessful. Then, after serving 20 years of his sentence, he made his bombshell confession. When ABC News showed the transcript of Bierenbaum’s confession to Alayne Katz, she said, “This is exactly the same man that I knew 35 years ago.” He hasn't changed … he is incapable of a shred of remorse.” In honor of her sister, Alayne Katz said the nonprofit organization Pace Women's Justice Center was rebranded as Gail’s House to bring greater awareness to domestic violence issues and provide resources to women. Katz said she allowed them to use her sister’s name as a way to honor her memory. “My sister's body has never been found … Gail doesn't rest anywhere,” Katz said. “Gail's House … gave my sister a resting place. I feel my sister's spirit ... is here … warning others … inspiring others.” If you need help or need help supporting someone else, call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233, or go to thehotline.org. All calls are toll-free and confidential. The hotline is available 24/7 in more than 170 languages. Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean' originally appeared on abcnews.go.com

TRENDING

1. Melbourne readies to exit world's longest COVID-19 lockdown

2. Laundrie family lawyer says 'probability is strong' that the apparent human remains found are Brian's

3. 77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

4. Human remains found during search for Brian Laundrie in Florida

5. A worker in Florida applied to 60 entry-level jobs in September and got one interview

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Latest Stories

Good Morning America

CDC signs off on Moderna, J&J boosters, mixing and matching doses

CDC Director Rochelle Walensky gave the final signoff on Thursday evening to recommend both Moderna and Johnson & Johnson vaccine boosters for certain populations. The CDC's independent panel voted unanimously to support that decision earlier Thursday. The panel recommended a third dose for Moderna vaccine recipients at least six months after a person’s initial course for those 65 and older, and those as young as 18 who are at higher risk due to their underlying health conditions, or where they work or live.

7m ago

ABC News

1 crew member dies, another hospitalized after prop gun misfires on set of Alec Baldwin film

One person is dead and another hospitalized Thursday after a prop gun with blanks misfired on the set of the Alec Baldwin-backed film "Rust," authorities said. The Western, starring Baldwin and Jensen Ackles of "Supernatural," began filming this month at Bonanza Creek Movie Ranch, a film location in Sante Fe, New Mexico. Deputies with the Santa Fe County Sheriff’s Office responded to the film set around 2 p.m. local time after a 911 call "indicating an individual had been shot on set," the Santa Fe County Sheriff’s Office said in a statement.

38m ago

ABC News

House votes to hold Steve Bannon in criminal contempt

The House of Representatives voted to hold Trump administration adviser Steve Bannon in contempt of Congress on Thursday for defying a congressional subpoena by the Jan. 6 select committee investigating the attack on the Capitol. The vote fell largely along party lines: 229-202, with nine Republicans voting with Democrats. Select committee Chair Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., said in debate ahead of the vote that allowing Bannon to ignore their subpoena would set a dangerous precedent.

2h ago

ABC News

Brian Laundrie's remains found after monthlong search

Remains found Wednesday during the search for Brian Laundrie, the boyfriend of slain travel blogger Gabby Petito and a person of interest in her death, have been confirmed to belong to Laundrie, according to the FBI. The skeletal remains were found in the Myakkahatchee Creek Environmental Park in North Port, Florida, a nature park that's been the center of the search for Laundrie. Laundrie's backpack and notebook were found near the remains, which authorities said had been underwater until recently.

3h ago

Good Morning America

Advocates rally for paid leave as they brace for possible cuts in final spending package

As Congress continues to debate the Biden administration's $3.5 trillion social-spending package, a coalition of advocates for paid leave rallied at the Capitol Thursday to urge lawmakers to keep a provision in the bill that would give all workers up to 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave. "I'm holding my breath as I watch the budget negotiations," said Danielle Knight, a mom of three from Annapolis, Maryland, who said she left the workforce because quality child care was not affordable. "It's about whether our elected leaders will stand up for us and build the care infrastructure that we've needed for such a long time," she continued.

5h ago

ABC News

Why can't congressional Democrats deliver more on their promises? It's complicated.

In January, when President Joe Biden took office and Democrats secured both chambers of Congress, millions of Americans had high hopes that the laundry list of causes touted on the campaign trail would become reality. Frances Lee, a political scientist and professor at Princeton University, said that although this Congress is deadlocked on high-profile legislation, it has been productive in responding to coronavirus crisis, pointing to the American Rescue Plan passing in March -- although it did so without any Republican support.

5h ago

ABC News

New twist in the tale of those escaped zebras: animal cruelty charges

Earlier this week, authorities filed criminal charges of animal cruelty against Jerry Lee Holly, after three of the zebras got away from his 300-acre farm back in Prince George's County outside Washington. The charges included depriving the zebras of "necessary sustenance," inflicting "unnecessary suffering or pain" and a failure “to provide [a] Zebra with nutritious food in sufficient quantity, and proper shelter while said animal was in his charge and custody,” according to legal documents obtained by ABC News.

6h ago

ABC News

'Rapid evolution' of tuskless elephants caused by ivory trade, scientists say

Ivory poaching has led to a "rapid evolution" of tuskless African elephants, as elephants without tusks were far more likely to survive during the height of the ivory trade, according to new research. During the conflict, armed forces on both sides relied heavily on the ivory trade to finance the war efforts, according to the researchers. The elephant population in the region declined more than 90% due to the war, and the mass hunting of the mammals for their tusks resulted in a phenotype of the species that had a better chance of survival -- specifically, female elephants.

6h ago

ABC News

GOP senator seeks to block controversial proposed bank account monitoring

In the wake of a controversial proposal by the Treasury Department and Senate Democrats to direct collection of additional data on Americans' bank accounts, Senate Republicans -- led by South Carolina’s Tim Scott -- introduced a bill Thursday to prevent the Internal Revenue Service from implementing any such policy change. "The Democrats’ plan to allow the IRS to spy on the bank accounts of nearly every person in this country, even those below the poverty line, should be deeply concerning to anyone who values privacy and economic inclusion," Scott said in a statement provided exclusively to ABC News.

7h ago

Good Morning America

Fresh whole onions linked to salmonella outbreak in 37 states: CDC

A salmonella outbreak in 37 states has been linked to fresh whole red, white, and yellow onions sold to restaurants and grocery stores throughout the U.S., according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. At least 652 people have reported illness with 129 hospitalizations due to the onions imported from Chihuahua, Mexico, and distributed by ProSource Inc, according to the CDC.

7h ago

ABC News

Garland: DOJ will follow 'facts and the law' in Bannon contempt referral

Attorney General Merrick Garland told lawmakers on Thursday that the Justice Department will follow "the facts and the law" if the House of Representatives votes to refer former President Donald Trump's ally Steve Bannon for criminal prosecution for defying a congressional subpoena. "I will say what a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's Office in the District of Columbia said I think yesterday or a day before," Garland said in response to a question on Congress' potential contempt referral for Bannon.

7h ago

ABC News

Reward grows to $75,000 in deadly ambush of 3 Texas deputies

The reward for information leading to the arrest of a gunman who investigators said ambushed and killed a Texas constable deputy and wounded his two colleagues outside a Houston sports bar has grown to $75,000. Saying he was "frustrated and angry" over the Saturday morning attack, Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner pleaded with the public to help authorities bring the "person or persons responsible for these shootings" to justice. Tilman Fertitta, the billionaire owner of the Houston Rockets NBA basketball team, joined Turner to announce that he is adding $40,000 to the reward fund.

8h ago

ABC News

8 Nigerians charged with alleged internet scams promising romance, travel

Eight Nigerians have been charged in the U.S. with running widespread internet scams for at least a decade from their base of operation in Cape Town, South Africa, federal prosecutors in New Jersey announced Wednesday. The suspects, who were arrested in Cape Town and are awaiting extradition, have suspected ties to a transnational organized crime syndicate originating in Nigeria known as Black Axe. From 2011 through 2021 the defendants allegedly ran schemes that involved their telling victims in the United States false narratives about traveling to South Africa for work and needing money after a series of unfortunate and unforeseen events, according to the indictment.

9h ago

Good Morning America

Carrie Underwood shares what she wouldn't put up with from her husband in funny video

Carrie Underwood poked fun at her husband Mike Fisher in a new TikTok video using her latest hit song. As her duet with Jason Aldean, "If I Didn't Love You," plays in the background of the video, the country singer pans the camera to piles of laundry on the floor, taxidermied animals hanging on the walls and an out-of-control hat collection. "I must truly love him...Who can relate?" she wrote in the caption of her video.

9h ago

ABC News

Man attempting to demolish ancient sphinx in Cairo caught

A man attempting to demolish one of four ancient sphinxes adorning the Tahrir square in Cairo was caught by security personnel, an eyewitness reports. "He was then captured by security guards, who took him away," Elbarawy said.

10h ago

ABC News

Benton Harbor, already dealing with lead crisis, now entirely without water after main break

A water main break in Benton Harbor, Michigan, has resulted in a city-wide loss of water pressure that has shuttered schools and upended businesses on Thursday. The rupture in the major artery for the city's water supply -- which officials warned can allow disease-causing bacteria to enter the tap water -- comes as the predominately Black community was already told not to drink the city's water due to a crisis of toxic lead that residents have been grappling with for years. The mounting issues afflicting Benton Harbor's drinking water have raised allegations of environmental injustice in the town where some 45% of residents live in poverty and 85% are Black, according to most-recent Census data.

10h ago

Good Morning America

How to navigate the supply chain strain this holiday season

The strained supply chain and worldwide shipping crunch has had an impact on everything from holiday shopping to every day goods and services. "Good Morning America" assembled an expert panel to explain what's happening and shopping strategies to know. "This goes back a long time -- back to the beginning of the pandemic when everything shut down," Jarvis said.

12h ago

Good Morning America

First lady Dr. Jill Biden speaks out on her mission to get people screened for breast cancer

First lady Dr. Jill Biden is speaking out about two causes close to her heart: access to community colleges and breast cancer awareness. In a new interview with “Good Morning America” co-anchor Robin Roberts, Biden, a professor of writing at Northern Virginia Community College, said she plans to continue to advocate to make community colleges more accessible to more Americans. Tuition-free community college was included in President Joe Biden's social-spending package, but it is now reportedly one of the latest big-ticket items to be dropped from the package.

12h ago

Good Morning America

How professional sports leagues got most players vaccinated -- without mandates

As companies in the U.S. look to vaccinate staff en masse, some employers have achieved high rates of vaccination without major mandates -- professional sports leagues. Meanwhile, leagues such as the NBA, NFL and MLS have rates greater than 90%, with the NHL and WNBA at over 99%. "As far as the NHL is concerned, this is a very simple and very direct story -- you need to educate everybody as to what good public health practices are when you have a pandemic like this, and where someone who is ill can spread that disease to others at the workplace," Don Fehr, executive director of the National Hockey League Players' Association, told ABC News.

15h ago

Good Morning America

Creative homeowners change their Halloween skeleton display every day in October

Amid the coronavirus pandemic, with so many people confined to their homes, homeowners in Texas have taken their front yard Halloween display to the next level. The front yard of Michelle Forshee and Sammie Deleon's home in College Station is decorated with skeletons who have been on a different adventure every day in October. The skeletons have voted, visited the barbershop, played card games, exercised, raked leaves, watched Texas A&M University football games, played Twister, done laundry and more.

16h ago

More Stories