HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Breaking News: Human remains found in Florida confirmed to be Brian Laundrie, FBI says

Close this content

Read full article

Oops!

Something went wrong.

Please try again later.

More content below

Alberto M. Carvalho

Associated Press

Mask mandate may relax in some South Florida schools

October 21, 2021, 4:42 AM·1 min read

In this article:

Oops!

Something went wrong.

Please try again later.

More content below

Alberto M. Carvalho

Superintendent of Miami-Dade County Public Schools

MIAMI (AP) — The mask mandate for students in some South Florida schools could be eased by the end of October as local rates of COVID-19 infections and hospitalizations continue to fall, officials said. The number of students needing to quarantine in Miami-Dade County public schools has dropped significantly since school started in August, school Superintendent Alberto Carvalho said Wednesday. He said the decision would be based on the latest COVID-19 data and the advice of a task force of local doctors advising the district. The easing of the mask policy would give parents an opt-out provision for their children, he said. A parental opt out was the original back-to-school plan in Miami. But the delta variant spread rapidly across Florida during the summer, causing a spike in cases, hospitalizations and deaths. The district, which is the state's largest, joined a handful of other districts — representing about half of Florida's public school students — in adopting mask requirements with an opt-out only for medical reasons. That defied an order by Republican Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, whose administration directed schools to allow parents to decide whether children wore masks in school. In Miami-Dade last week, less than 1,000 of the district's 330,000 students were required to quarantine, which was an all-time low, Carvalho said. He attributed the success to the district’s COVID-19 protocols, including mask mandates and quarantine policies.                       The school mask issue landed in court, and the state began imposing financial penalties on districts defying the state mandate. The penalties have included docking salaries of local school board members who voted to impose student mask mandates. ___ Follow AP’s coverage of the pandemic at https://apnews.com/hub/coronavirus-pandemic.

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Recommended Stories

Business Insider

Idaho's schools superintendent will start substitute teaching amid a staff shortage - and she's asking parents to do the same.

Sherri Ybarra says some Idaho schools have already closed from shortages of substitute teachers and other school staff. She's asking parents to help.

5h ago

Reuters

Pfizer, BioNTech report high efficacy of COVID-19 booster shot in study

Pfizer Inc and German partner BioNTech SE on Thursday said data from a Phase III trial demonstrated high efficacy of a booster dose of their COVID-19 vaccine against the virus, including the Delta variant. The study also found that the booster shot had a favourable safety profile. Pfizer had said its two-shot vaccine's efficacy drops over time, citing a study that showed 84% effectiveness from a peak of 96% four months after a second dose.

14h ago

Yahoo Life

COVID-19 and kids: Experts hopeful vaccinations in children 5-11 'will help curb' cases following worst month for infections

"I'm really, really hopeful that, with the beginning of vaccination of children five to 11, it will help curb some of the infections we are seeing in kids," one doctor tells Yahoo Life.

1d ago

The New York Times

A 30-Year Campaign to Control Drug Prices Faces Yet Another Failure

WASHINGTON — When a powerful Democratic Senate chairman assembled his Special Committee on Aging to confront what he called a “crisis of affordability” for prescription drugs, he proposed a novel solution: allow the government to negotiate better deals for critical medications. The year was 1989, and the idea from that chairman, former Sen. David Pryor of Arkansas, touched off a drive for government drug-price negotiations that has been embraced by two generations of Democrats and one Republican

13h ago

Associated Press

Mizzou suspends fraternity activities after hospitalization

The University of Missouri-Columbia has suspended all fraternity activities after an alcohol-filled party ended with a freshman being taken to a hospital. An initial investigation found that several members of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity were believed to have consumed significant amounts of alcohol during the party, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported. “Hazing has gone on for too long, and it shouldn’t take someone almost dying for the university to do something about it,” one student, Olivia Sommer, said.

12h ago

Washington Post

Japan and South Korea never did full lockdowns. It left lessons on how to coexist with the virus.

TOKYO - In Japan, the newly minted prime minister has vowed to create a path into the "post-corona era." South Korea has launched a "living with covid-19" panel of experts. Like many countries, both are navigating a way to safely coexist with the coronavirus in the face of increasing economic pressures and a potential new wave of infections in the winter.Subscribe to The Post Most newsletter for the most important and interesting stories from The Washington Post. But unlike many other countries,

15h ago

Washington Examiner

California teacher placed on leave for 'offensive' math lesson involving Native American headdress

A California public school teacher was placed on leave after a video emerged of her wearing a Native American headdress and chanting in front of her class while teaching trigonometry.

4h ago

Associated Press

California maskless woman in store convicted of trespassing

A Southern California woman who refused to wear a mask or leave a grocery store last year was convicted of trespassing and obstructing a business or customers. The jury found Marianne Campbell Smith guilty on Wednesday and Orange County Superior Court Judge John Zitny sentenced her to 40 hours of community service, a year of informal probation and a $200 fine, the Orange County Register reported. Smith, 57, was arrested on Aug. 15, 2020 at Mother’s Market in the city of Costa Mesa, where an anti-mask protest against California's mask mandate to prevent the spread of the coronavirus was happening nearby.

7h ago

Washington Examiner

Virginia school district gives teachers week off for mental health

A school district in Virginia announced Wednesday it would suspend its operations for the first week in November, including two days "in the interest" of its faculty's "mental health."

10h ago

Washington Post

When local reporters resist vaccination mandates, everyone in town hears about it

As a news anchor at KGWN in Cheyenne, Wyo., Kerri Hayden said she tried to stay neutral in reporting about the coronavirus pandemic, including stories about mask and vaccine mandates. But when her station's owner, Gray Television, required all employees to be vaccinated, Hayden was forced to pick a side. "I wanted the decision to be my choice," she said in an interview this week, "not a billion-dollar company's."Subscribe to The Post Most newsletter for the most important and interesting stories

12h ago

The New York Times

Virus Cases Rising on Some Caribbean Islands, WHO Says

Bucking the trend in much of the Americas, several Caribbean countries are reporting significant surges in known coronavirus infections, World Health Organization officials warned Wednesday. Reports of new cases are up 40% over the last week in the Dominican Republic and Barbados, said Dr. Carissa F. Etienne, the director of the Pan American Health Organization, a division of the WHO. “In fact,” Etienne said at a news conference, “half of Barbados’ cumulative COVID infections since the pandemic

13h ago

USA TODAY

In-N-Out decision to not check customers' vaccination status stirs political debate on social media

In-N-Out said they stood by their decision to not check customers' vaccine status, which has sent Twitter into a frenzy.

1d ago

Yahoo News

After Manchin nixes clean energy budget provision, youth climate change activists go on hunger strike in front of White House

Five young activists began a hunger strike in front of the White House on Wednesday in a last-ditch effort to preserve the most important measures to combat climate change in President Biden’s Build Back Better infrastructure investment proposal.

8h ago

Reuters

Queen Elizabeth spent a night in hospital for first time in years

LONDON (Reuters) -Britain's 95-year-old Queen Elizabeth spent a night in hospital for the first time in years for what Buckingham Palace termed 'preliminary investigations' but returned to Windsor Castle on Thursday where she was in good spirits. "Following medical advice to rest for a few days, the queen attended hospital on Wednesday afternoon for some preliminary investigations, returning to Windsor Castle at lunchtime today, and remains in good spirits," the palace said in a statement. She returned to her desk for work on Thursday afternoon and was undertaking some light duties, the source said.

3h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Walmart just unveiled a bunch of Black Friday deals early — score major savings on TVs, vacuums, toys and more

Black Friday came early.

1d ago

Yahoo News

Biden emissions pledge hanging by a thread after Manchin's climate change budget cut

Having caved to Sen. Joe Manchin’s demand that they strip the forthcoming federal budget of its biggest provision to combat climate change, congressional Democrats are scrambling to come up with new ways to meet the president’s target of cutting greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030.

16h ago

NBC Sports Chicago

Cubs' Jed Hoyer on 'intelligent spending': Free agency 'dangerous'

Cubs chairman Tom Ricketts and team president Jed Hoyer tossed a word salad of mixed messages on the team's winter plan.

23h ago

Yahoo Finance

Here are the best and worst states for jobs

Initial unemployment claims reached their lowest level since March 2020 last week, as the number of firings and other voluntary separations slowing further in the recovering economy.

10h ago

Saints Wire

Saints designate three more players to return from injured reserve

Saints designate three more players to return from injured reserve

3h ago

NBC Sports Chicago

Chicago Cubs making slight decrease to 2022 season ticket prices

Invoices sent to prospective 2022 Chicago Cubs season ticket holders are revealing price decreases in every seating section of Wrigley Field

5h ago

More Stories

TRENDING

Good Morning America

Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean'

Good Morning America·10 min read

Reuters

Melbourne readies to exit world's longest COVID-19 lockdown

Reuters·3 min read

Washington Post

Inaction on climate change imperils millions of lives, doctors say

Washington Post·11 min read

INSIDER

Laundrie family lawyer says 'probability is strong' that the apparent human remains found are Brian's

INSIDER·2 min read

INSIDER

77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

INSIDER·3 min read

POPULAR

District challenge to Florida's mask mandate ban begins

WFTS-Tampa

DougCo Schools sues Douglas County Health Department over mask, quarantine order

KMGH - Denver Scripps

Lawsuit challenges Pennsylvania school mask mandate

WGAL - Lancaster/Harrisburg

Counties join forces to challenge mask mandate ban

WESH - Orlando Videos

Parents' lawsuit challenges Pa. school mask mandate

WGAL - Lancaster/Harrisburg

Another Montana judge declines to block school mask mandate

KRTV

Reporter Update: Lawsuits Over Pennsylvania's School Mask Mandate Go Before Judges

CBS-Pittsburgh

Commonwealth Court Of Pennsylvania Hears Arguments Over School Mask Mandate

CBS-Pittsburgh

Douglas County Schools Files Lawsuit Against New County Health Department Over Face Mask Policy

CBS-Denver

Dozens of parents sue 145 schools, Pritzker and ISBE over COVID quarantine, mask mandates

Washington Examiner

Pritzker hopes his mask mandate ends before the holidays

Washington Examiner

CDC recommends masks stay on in schools

Yahoo News

Indoor Face Mask Order Begins In Larimer County

CBS-Denver

Indoor Mask Order To Begin Wednesday In Larimer County

CBS-Denver