HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Breaking News: Human remains found in Florida confirmed to be Brian Laundrie, FBI says

Close this content

Best Life

Never Do This When Your Flight Is Canceled, Travel Expert Warns

Read full article

Alesandra Dubin

October 18, 2021, 10:25 AM·3 min read

While demand for travel surges, airlines are struggling to beef up operations amid pandemic disruptions, and widespread flight cancellations have caused major travel headaches for many passengers. So if you're taking to the skies, plan to exercise patience—and tenacity. And above all else, make sure you come prepared with a game plan. With help from the experts at Scott's Cheap Flights, learn what to do—and what not to do—if your flight is canceled. RELATED: Major Airlines Are Canceling Tons of Flights Right Now—Here's Why. Know your rights if your flight gets canceled.

Your flight suddenly got canceled—what happens next? You might not want to hear this, but the carrier is not legally obligated to get you on the flight you originally booked. "Unfortunately, the airline has the power here," according to Scott's Cheap Flights. "Their contract stipulates they will get you from your origin to your destination, even if that's on a different date than you intended." RELATED: Never Wear This One Thing on a Plane, Flight Attendant Warns. That means an airline can put you on a flight with a different carrier.

If your flight gets canceled, an airline can try to put you on a flight with another airline, per what's called an interline agreement. That means United could cancel your flight and book you on another one on American. (Southwest doesn't have this kind of arrangement, as USA Today reports, which further complicated the airline's recent spate of cancelations for passengers, whose only option was to try to get on a later Southwest flight—along with everyone else in the same bind.) If you choose not to rebook on a later flight, you're entitled to a refund.

If you choose not to let the airline accommodate you for travel on a later flight, you're eligible for a cash refund, Scott's Cheap Flights says. That might sound appealing, but think before you take this option: Booking a last-minute flight can be an ultra-expensive proposition, and you may have no other choice if air travel is the only feasible way to get where you need to go.

Story continues

If your flight is canceled, never give up easily.

So here's the one thing experts say not to do if you find yourself dealing with a canceled flight: Don't give up easily! Bring your patience and determination and be aggressive in seeking a swift and satisfactory resolution. First, focus all your energy on getting rebooked as soon as possible so you can get where you need to go. Wait in line in person, call customer service, use social media, and try the airline's app or chat platform. RELATED: For more travel advice delivered straight to your inbox, sign up for our daily newsletter. Once you've rebooked, figure out what you're owed.

"If you've booked with a credit card, check to see if it offers some kind of travel interruption insurance, which will cover your hotel and food while you're stuck, and may even cover the cost of buying a new flight home if you need to," Scott's Cheap Flights advises. After that, follow up relentlessly. Reach out to customer service, and you might find the airline offers you a voucher for future travel—even weeks after the incident. RELATED: Never Wear These Shoes on a Plane, Flight Attendant and Pilot Warn.

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Recommended Stories

HuffPost

Flight Attendants At American Airlines Subsidiary Threaten To Strike

Workers at Piedmont Airlines say their wages are too low to live on. Now they might join other striking workers.

8h ago

Best Life

Another Major Airline Is Cutting Flights for the Next 2 Months

If you're planning to travel during the coming months, you're going to need to be prepared for a potentially stressful situation. That's not just because of the typical challenges that go along with moving through airports during the busy holiday season, but also because of the unique set of challenges wrought by COVID and its impact on the workforce. It's all combined to spell trouble for major airlines—and the passengers who depend on them—as carriers have had to eliminate flights from their s

1d ago

AFP Videographics

Pacific ring of fire

Japan's Mount Aso erupted Wednesday, spewing a giant column of ash thousands of metres into the sky. It sits on the so-called Pacific "Ring of Fire" where a large proportion of the planet's quakes and volcanic eruptions are recorded. VIDEOGRAPHIC

2d ago

The Independent

Ex-Alitalia flight attendants strip off uniforms in protest

Dozens of former flight attendants from defunct Italian airline Alitalia have stripped off their uniforms, wearing only undergarments in a protest in central Rome

1d ago

Reuters

Thailand to allow quarantine-free travel from 46 countries, PM says

Thailand will let vaccinated visitors from 46 countries forgo COVID-19 quarantine from next month, up from 10 previously announced, Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha said on Thursday. The Southeast Asian country is poised to introduce the new quarantine-free travel arrangements on Nov. 1 as it seeks to revive its vital tourism industry. Prayuth said the visitors could skip mandatory quarantine as long as they arrive via air, have been fully vaccinated and have a document to show they are virus-free.

11h ago

Travel+Leisure

Delta Adds More Than 100 New Flights Out of NYC — Here's Where They're Flying

Delta is ready to fly you wherever you want to go.

1d ago

Idaho Statesman

Alaska Airlines adds 2 cities from Boise. Grab a jacket for one, shorts for the other

When Alaska Airlines CEO Ben Minicucci spoke with some of the company’s 700 Boise workers in June, they told him a Nevada town was at the top of their list for new routes.

2d ago

USA TODAY

From vaccines to testing: What travelers need to know before the new US travel system on Nov. 8

The White House announced that a new international air travel system will go into effect Nov. 8, allowing entry for fully vaccinated foreign tourists.

1d ago

Reuters

Thailand prepares airports for quarantine-free travellers

Thai government officials on Wednesday inspected the readiness of the country's airports to welcome quarantine-free travellers, due to return next month after almost two years of strict COVID-19 rules that halted vital tourism. From Nov. 1, the country will allow vaccinated arrivals from low risk countries to return to its popular destinations like Pattaya, Chiang Mai and Bangkok. Tourism before the pandemic was a leading driver of the economy, accounting for 12% of GDP.

1d ago

Travel+Leisure

This Resort in Maui Wants You and Your Family to Spend 'Thanksgiving Under the Stars'

The package comes with a private rooftop dinner for Thanksgiving and much more.

8h ago

Skift

United CEO Says Beware Flying Airlines Without a Vaccine Mandate

United Airlines CEO Scott Kirby may not want the carrier’s successful Covid-19 vaccine mandate to be a competitive advantage. But when it comes to promoting his airline over others he says to travelers, “caveat emptor” — or “let the buyer beware” — when it comes to booking flights. “Customers can book with confidence on United […]

1d ago

INSIDER

I spent 3 nights in Chicago's most haunted hotel, and it was just as terrifying as 'The Shining.' Take a look inside.

An Insider reporter checked into the Congress Plaza Hotel in Chicago, where ghosts are said to roam the halls, elevators, and rooms.

1d ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Airline passenger reveals ‘mind-blowing’ hack for tracking flights on your phone: ‘I never knew this’

A TikTok user is drawing praise with his "mind-blowing" hack for how to how to track flights on an iPhone.

5h ago

GOBankingRates

The 10 Best Places To Buy a Vacation Home in 2021

If you've thought about buying a second home as a vacation property, now may be a good time to do so. According to a recent report by Redfin, second-home buyer demand is slowing down, which will open...

2d ago

Travel+Leisure

Southwest Airlines' Rapid Rewards Card Is Offering One of Its Best Welcome Bonuses Yet

You can earn up to 100,000 points plus other exciting perks.

7h ago

Miami Herald

A Miami developer wants to buy out, knock down sister towers of collapsed Champlain South

Four months after the catastrophic collapse of Champlain Towers South, powerhouse developer Related Group is exploring a takeover of its two sister buildings — potentially setting up a messy fight between the developer and unit owners.

1d ago

Refinery29

Travelers Have Spoken: This Is The Best Luggage You Can Find On Amazon

To be considered an impeccable piece of luggage, a bag must do much more than simply transport items from Point A to Point B. It should also be lightweight yet durable, roomy with plenty of pockets, and, of course, look super stylish. That may seem like a lot to ask of our bags, but the perfect piece does exist in every single suitcase category — and you’d better believe some of the best luggage out there is available on Amazon.Ahead, you’ll find everything from the best weekender to the best ro

1d ago

Architectural Digest

A New Observatory Suspended Nearly 1,300 Feet in the Air Is Redefining New York City’s Skyline

Seeking all adrenaline junkies

10h ago

Associated Press

Hawaii's governor welcomes travelers as COVID counts drop

Hawaii's COVID-19 case counts and hospitalizations have declined to the point where the islands are ready to welcome travelers once again, the governor said Tuesday. Gov. David Ige said vacationers and business travelers are welcome to return to the islands starting Nov. 1. The state didn't impose any new travel quarantine restrictions, and Ige's plea was a mere request.

2d ago

CBS News

Southwest CEO says "I'm not going to fire anyone" over vaccine mandate

Of those who did submit their status, "a supermajority" are vaccinated, Kelly told CBS News.

4h ago

More Stories

TRENDING

Good Morning America

Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean'

Good Morning America·10 min read

Reuters

Melbourne readies to exit world's longest COVID-19 lockdown

Reuters·3 min read

Washington Post

Inaction on climate change imperils millions of lives, doctors say

Washington Post·11 min read

INSIDER

Laundrie family lawyer says 'probability is strong' that the apparent human remains found are Brian's

INSIDER·2 min read

INSIDER

77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

INSIDER·3 min read

POPULAR

Another Major Airline Is Cutting Flights for the Next 2 Months

Best Life

UPDATE 2-Southwest Airlines expects higher costs to keep profit elusive

Reuters

Southwest Airlines suffers $75M loss due to cancellations

Washington Examiner

Airline passenger reveals ‘mind-blowing’ hack for tracking flights on your phone: ‘I never knew this’

In The Know by Yahoo

Booking holiday travel with peace of mind

KNXV - Phoenix Scripps

Airline passenger reveals ‘mind-blowing’ hack for tracking flights on your phone

In The Know by Yahoo

United Airlines CEO warns that ticket prices will increase because jet fuel is getting more expensive

Business Insider

I Took a $199 Flight to Paris on Low-cost Airline French Bee — Here's What It Was Like

Travel & Leisure Video

American Airlines posts $169 million profit on taxpayer help

Associated Press

Fact check: No evidence American Airlines, Amtrak workers walking out over COVID-19 vaccine mandates

USA TODAY

Morocco bans UK flights due to Covid cases rising

BBC

Flight Attendants At American Airlines Subsidiary Threaten To Strike

HuffPost

Morocco suspends flights from the UK over fears of Covid surge

The Telegraph

Unruly passengers add dread to MIA’s holiday forecast as police target airport bars

Miami Herald