HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Breaking News: Human remains found in Florida confirmed to be Brian Laundrie, FBI says

Close this content

Washington Examiner

California teacher placed on leave for 'offensive' math lesson involving Native American headdress

Read full article

California teacher placed on leave for 'offensive' math lesson involving Native American headdress

Luke Gentile

October 21, 2021, 1:59 PM·2 min read

A California public school teacher was placed on leave after a video emerged of her wearing a Native American headdress and chanting in front of her class while teaching trigonometry. The Riverside Unified School District teacher, allegedly Candice Reed, can be seen dancing around the class wearing feathers on her head and making tomahawk motions while chanting "soh-cah-toa," the footage showed. The chant is a mnemonic device often used to learn the trigonometric functions sine, cosine, and tangent. VIRGINIA SCHOOL DISTRICT GIVES TEACHERS WEEK OFF FOR MENTAL HEALTH The footage was captured by a student in the class, and the John W. North High School teacher was placed on leave by the district. "These behaviors are completely unacceptable and an offensive depiction of the vast and expansive Native American cultures and practices," the Riverside Unified School District administration said in a statement. "Her actions do not represent the values of our district. The teacher has been placed on leave while the District conducts an investigation."

This content is not available due to your privacy preferences.

Update your settings here to see it.

Despite the district's allegation that the teacher's performance does not express its values, someone who claimed to be a former student of Reed presented images on Twitter of the teacher demonstrating the routine as early as 2012. The dance, headdress and all, was even written about in that year's yearbook, according to the student's Twitter post.

This content is not available due to your privacy preferences.

Update your settings here to see it.

"We are deeply committed to implementing inclusive practices and policies that honor the rich diversity of our district and the greater region," the district stated. "We will be working with our students, families, staff and community to regain your trust." CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER Riverside Unified School District did not immediately respond to the Washington Examiner's request for comment. Washington Examiner Videos

Tags: News, California, Schools, Native Americans, Twitter Original Author: Luke Gentile Original Location: California teacher placed on leave for 'offensive' math lesson involving Native American headdress

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Recommended Stories

LA Times

Riverside teacher, in faux headdress, on leave after mimicking Native Americans in video

A Riverside teacher has been placed on leave after a viral video showed her dancing and hollering around a classroom in a faux Native American headdress.

2h ago

NextShark

2 Chinese diners refuse to pay restaurant bill after being allegedly angered by US national anthem

Two Chinese men reportedly left a restaurant in California without paying because a group of Chinese American diners sang “The Star-Spangled Banner” during an event. What happened: The incident occurred inside a Chinese restaurant in Los Angeles on Oct. 13, according to World Journal, as translated by Taiwan News. “Chinese people singing the American national anthem is so infuriating, we won't pay this bill," the man allegedly said.

7h ago

Atlanta Black Star

A 4-foot-8 Black Woman Was Accosted By Group of Boys, Minutes Later a Louisiana Deputy Was Flinging Her By Her Hair In Shocking Video; Investigation Launched

An investigation has been launched in a New Orleans suburb after a video captured a Jefferson Parish Sheriff’s Office deputy flinging a 4-foot-8 Black woman […]

3h ago

KABC – Los Angeles

Teacher on leave after 'offensive' video circulates on social media

A teacher at North High School in Riverside has been placed on leave as the district investigates a video showing the instructor dancing in Native American-inspired headgear.

6h ago

The Daily Beast

California Officials Reveal How Hiking Family Mysteriously Dropped Dead

YouTube/ABCA family of three found dead on a Northern California hiking trail in August died of heat exposure and possible dehydration, the local sheriff’s office revealed Thursday.“Heat-related deaths are extremely difficult to investigate,” Mariposa County Sheriff Jeremy Briese said at a press conference, citing an official cause of death of “hyperthermia and probably dehydration.”The bodies of John Gerrish, Ellen Chung, and their 1-year-old daughter Muji were found mid-August on the Savage Lu

4h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Mom 'terrified' after spotting suspicious figure in baby monitor footage: 'Search every inch of your house'

She said she had a strange feeling that prompted her to go get her baby.

6h ago

The Week

Mike Pence is reportedly 'still angry' that Trump endangered him and his family on Jan. 6

Mike Pence is reportedly 'still angry' that Trump endangered him and his family on Jan. 6

3h ago

Madame Noire

Yaya Mayweather Faces 20 Years In Prison For Alleged Stabbing YoungBoy NBA’s Baby Mama

Yaya was hit with an aggravated assault with a deadly weapon charge following the alleged incident.

7h ago

Business Insider

The shipping crisis in California is now so bad that officials should consider declaring a state of emergency, the head of the California Trucking Association says

The ports of Southern California hit a new record on Monday, with 100 vessels floating offshore waiting to dock and unload.

14h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Groom calls out wedding guest over ‘awful’ mid-ceremony behavior: ‘He completely disrespected you’

He couldn't believe what the guest said to him.

5h ago

INSIDER

An assistant once pranked Bill Belichick by emailing him a file that said 'I'm watching porn' repeatedly

Bill Belichick was "approachable" with the Jets, but later became the stern, business-minded coach he's known as with the Patriots.

4h ago

INSIDER

The ACE Family lost ownership of their $10 million mansion and could face eviction

Austin and Catherine McBroom no longer own their $10 million mega-mansion in Los Angeles after it was publicly auctioned in a foreclosure sale.

4h ago

INSIDER

I gave birth in the US and Malaysia. Neither experience was perfect, but the care from my doctor in Malaysia was superior.

The author explored how giving birth via C-section in both countries was different and how what the dad was supposed to do differed.

12h ago

INSIDER

77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

Yeong-su Oh, who plays player 001 in "Squid Game," told the South Korean show "How Do I Play" that he's "floating on air" after "Squid Game's" success.

11h ago

NextShark

Viet immigrant businessman says Oklahoma police 'illegally' confiscated over $130,000 of his money

While on their way to buy a plot of farmland, Nang Thai and Weichuan Liu say Oklahoma police "illegally" confiscated the over $130,000 in cash they were carrying after pulling them over on Interstate 40. What happened: The two New Mexico businessmen were driving along Interstate 40 at 2 a.m. on April 19 when Oklahoma police pulled them over, searched them and their vehicle and confiscated their money, according to NBC News. Nang Thai, a 51-year-old Vietnamese immigrant, and his business partner Weichuan Liu were on their way to buy a 10-acre plot of farmland when they were pulled over on Interstate 40.

4h ago

NextShark

Lisa Ling talks aftermath of receiving death threats, what its like being a journalist covering anti-Asian hate

Award-winning investigative journalist and CNN host Lisa Ling tackles a history of anti-Asian rhetoric in the U.S. while adding a personal lens on the hate she and her children have experienced during the pandemic in the first episode of the newest season of her docuseries, “This Is Life With Lisa Ling.” Titled “The Legacy of Vincent Chin,” the episode opens on the surge of violence hitting the Asian American community since the start of the pandemic in March 2020 and the similarities it shares to the historic murder. In 1982, 27-year-old Vincent Chin died on the night of his bachelor party at the hands of disgruntled autoworkers who blamed him for their lost jobs.

4h ago

Business Insider

Sen. Joe Manchin said he offered to leave the Democratic Party if he became an 'embarrassment' but 'no one accepted that'

Sen. Joe Manchin made the comment to reporters after denying a Wednesday report that said he was considering switching parties.

8h ago

HuffPost

Cause Of Death Determined For California Family That Mysteriously Died On Hike

“This is a very unusual, unique situation,” a spokesperson for the Mariposa County Sheriff’s Office said shortly after their bodies were found in August.

4h ago

People

Christina Haack Says She Suffers from 'Extreme Stomach Pain' and Recently Had an Endoscopy

"Basically if I don't eat SUPER clean I get a horrible burning sensation," Christina Haack wrote in a candid Instagram post

3h ago

Associated Press

Mask mandate may relax in some South Florida schools

The mask mandate for students in some South Florida schools could be eased by the end of October as local rates of COVID-19 infections and hospitalizations continue to fall, officials said. The number of students needing to quarantine in Miami-Dade County public schools has dropped significantly since school started in August, school Superintendent Alberto Carvalho said Wednesday. The district, which is the state's largest, joined a handful of other districts — representing about half of Florida's public school students — in adopting mask requirements with an opt-out only for medical reasons.

13h ago

More Stories

TRENDING

Good Morning America

Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean'

Good Morning America·10 min read

Reuters

Melbourne readies to exit world's longest COVID-19 lockdown

Reuters·3 min read

Washington Post

Inaction on climate change imperils millions of lives, doctors say

Washington Post·11 min read

INSIDER

Laundrie family lawyer says 'probability is strong' that the apparent human remains found are Brian's

INSIDER·2 min read

INSIDER

77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

INSIDER·3 min read

POPULAR

Riverside teacher, in faux headdress, on leave after mimicking Native Americans in video

LA Times

Teacher on leave after 'offensive' video circulates on social media

KABC – Los Angeles

A California teacher was placed on leave after a viral video showed her mimicking Native Americans in a paper headdress

INSIDER

Teacher Filmed Chanting In Fake Native Headdress, Waving Air Tomahawks

HuffPost

Teacher in hysterics over students’ answers to extra credit question: ‘Very funny group of kids’

In The Know by Yahoo

Teacher shortage across Arizona

KGUN - Tucson Scripps

Cincinnati teacher breaks record running 354 miles in 85 consecutive hours

WLWT - Cincinnati

COVID protocols straining Richmond teachers: 'It's much more difficult'

WTVR

Teachers unions influenced last-minute CDC school guidance, received copies before public release, emails show

Fox News

Teachers left looking over their shoulder by Ofsted’s ‘reign of terror’, claims education chief

The Independent

Push For State To Require Teaching Of Asian American History In Public Schools

CBS Miami

Michigan Department of Education sending out letters to recruit former teachers

WXYZ-Detroit Videos

Insights from a Math App About Learning in the Pandemic

The 74

Hayward Unified could close 9 schools in the next 3 years

KGO – San Francisco