HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Sign up for Yahoo Life’s daily newsletter

Yahoo Lifestyle

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

Life Life

Well-being Well-being The Unwind

The Unwind Mental Health

Mental Health Mental Health Resources

Mental Health Resources Fitness & Nutrition

Fitness & Nutrition Health & Medicine

Health & Medicine Fall Allergies

Fall Allergies Sleep Health

Sleep Health

COVID-19 COVID-19 Latest News & Numbers

Latest News & Numbers School Report Card

School Report Card Coping with COVID-19

Coping with COVID-19 Class of COVID

Class of COVID Faces on the Frontline

Faces on the Frontline

Parenting Parenting So Mini Ways

So Mini Ways

Style & Beauty Style & Beauty #MyStyle

#MyStyle

Inspiring Stories Inspiring Stories

Family Favorites Family Favorites

Video Video Unmuted

Unmuted Reset Your Mindset

Reset Your Mindset Soledad Investigates

Soledad Investigates My Beauty, My Way

My Beauty, My Way I Didn't Wake Up Like This

I Didn't Wake Up Like This Cooking for Comfort

Cooking for Comfort Taste the Trends

Taste the Trends

Immersive Immersive

……

Madame Noire

North Carolina Teacher Resigns After Saying Black Students Would Have Been Her ‘Field Slaves’

Read full article

Natasha Decker

October 11, 2021, 9:13 AM·3 min read

Focus on raised hands in classroom Source: Klaus Vedfelt / Getty A North Carolina teacher at Winterville Charter Academy has resigned after she taught a “racially insensitive lesson” to her class of eighth-graders in which she told her Black students that if it weren’t for the Constitution, they’d be her “field slaves.” While speaking with local news source WITN-TV, a parent of one of the students in the class, Kanisha Tillman, shared that the teacher “had them [the Black students] raise their hand during a constitutional lesson and reminded them that if it wasn’t for the Constitution, they would be her slaves. Her field slaves.”

RELATED CONTENT: “Southern California High School Cheerleaders Allegedly Face Racial Slurs At Football Game” Unfortunately, the teacher’s racist lesson only added to a history of racial insensitivity Tillman and other parents have expressed their children have been subjected to at the school. According to Tillman, a fellow parent sent her a text message on Sept. 20 about another racially disturbing incident with the same eighth-grade teacher. After receiving the message, she followed up to get his version of what happened as well. “A white student had called a Black student a monkey,” Tillman shared with The Associated Press. “When the Black student educated him on that being racist and him not liking it and not to call him that and asked the teacher for support, the teacher turned around and said to him, ‘Oh, it’s OK. We’re all a little bit racist.'” When the Black student later called his white peer a “cracker,” the teacher reportedly threatened the Black child with disciplinary measures. The white student returned to school following a two-day suspension. RELATED CONTENT: “California High School Students Exposed For Battering And Defacing A Black Baby Doll For Sh*ts And Giggles” Tillman relayed another instance previously shared in a Facebook group for parents at the school, in which she claims that when a group of Black girls tried to explain why being called a monkey is racist, a teacher said, “It’s OK, You’re all my little monkeys.”

Story continues

As of now, the eighth-grade teacher at the center of the allegations remains publicly unidentified. A statement released by Winterville Charter Academy’s Principal, Annastasia Ryan, noted that the educator “was supported in turning in her resignation” by the school’s administration and that the teacher “will not be returning on campus.” “On Monday evening, it was brought to the attention of school administration that a racially insensitive lesson regarding the importance of the Constitution of the United States was carried out during an English lesson on Constitution Day,” said the memo Ryan issued out to parents on Sept. 24. It went onto detail that in the classroom that day, several students reportedly used “racially insensitive words.” RELATED CONTENT: “Elementary School Teachers Pose With Noose, Claim They Didn’t Know Racist History” According to the memo, the lesson overall occurred “without appropriate redirection along with inappropriate response from the educator.” Ryan’s letter home to the parents also outlined that “culturally sensitive training for the teacher that resigned will be provided, along with proactive training measures for our current and future staff members.” As reported by NBC, Colleen Cullison, a spokesperson for National Heritage Academies (the parent company of Winterville Charter Academy), said in a statement:

“The school leadership team acted immediately upon learning about a racially insensitive lesson and student remarks, and is currently working to address ongoing concerns from parents that racially insensitive student remarks continue.”

While Cullison noted that she couldn’t go into details because of privacy concerns, National Heritage Academies “will not tolerate racism in our school community and will continue taking swift action that addresses these issues.” RELATED CONTENT: “Signs Your Kid Is Being Bullied And Hiding It”

TRENDING

Yahoo Life

What real nurses say about 'naughty' costumes

Yahoo Life·3 min read

Vogue

How our obsession with celebrity weight loss is holding us back

Vogue·6 min read

The Daily Beast

Meet the teen who got the pro-choice movement on TikTok

The Daily Beast·8 min read

Native News Online

Why Native Americans commemorate Indigenous Peoples’ Day

Native News Online·3 min read

Yahoo Life

Selma Blair on living with MS: 'I'm pretty comfortable with my body now and unapologetic about that'

Yahoo Life·4 min read

Latest Stories

INSIDER

A New Jersey family says a teacher yanked off their 7-year-old's hijab in class: 'Your hair is beautiful'

The family lawyer said the elementary school teacher allegedly told the girl that her hair was beautiful.

2d ago

INSIDER

Middle school teacher filmed removing her face mask and intentionally breathing on a cornered student, video shows

Viral video footage shows an unnamed teacher at Mead Middle School in Houston, Texas, cornering a student and deliberately exhaling on her.

3d ago

INSIDER

A Louisiana high school student was arrested and charged after punching teacher in possible social media challenge, police say

Larrianna Jackson, a student at Covington high school, was charged with battery after she was recorded striking a teacher multiple times, police said.

3d ago

In The Know by Yahoo

TikTokers are losing it over this teacher who can 'rip open' apples with his bare hands

A teacher is going mega-viral after sharing his trick for how to split open an apple with your hands. The hack, which many users have called “unbelievable,” comes from TikTok user @subienewbie. The hack, which many users have called “unbelievable,” comes from TikTok user @subienewbie. In his clip, the elementary school teacher shows just how easy it is to “rip open” an apple with your hands. it’s all about where you place your hands. After @subienewbie’s first video using the apple hack went viral in September, the teacher shared a follow-up detailing how it works. @subienewbie’s clip shows, he didn’t cut or score any part of the apple in advance. In reality, the trick lies in how you place your palms and thumbs around the apple, and how you transfer the pressure as you open it. The strategy has actually existed for quite a long time. Online, you can find plenty of tutorials walking you through the trick. countless TikTokers fled to @subienewbie’s comments section to share their success. countless TikTokers fled to @subienewbie’s comments section to share their success. “I’ve done this since college,” one user added. “You can 100% do this and it’s easier with bigger apples”

10h ago

Yahoo Life

School Report Card: One district hires a 'COVID coordinator' while another declares state of emergency

"Principals were spending 10 hours a day working up all COVID cases and weren't able to do their jobs," explains the superintendent behind hiring a "COVID coordinator" for a New York school district.

3d ago

Best Products

McDonald’s Is Giving Out Free Food to Teachers as a Thank You

This week, all educators, including teachers, administrators, and school staff, can show a valid work ID at McDonald's and receive a free breakfast, including coffee.

9h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

A TikTok user is blowing minds with his ‘unbelievable’ trick for ripping open apples with his bare hands: ‘That’s wild’

A teacher is going mega-viral after sharing his trick for how to split open an apple with your hands.

9h ago

INSIDER

A white Tennessee police officer resigned after witnesses said he got knocked out at a wedding for making drunken, racist comments

A Black man who witnessed the comments punched him in the face, saying he "couldn't take it anymore" and knocking the off-duty officer unconscious.

13h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

This pet-odor-eliminating spray is the cat's meow — and it's 50 percent off at Amazon for Yahoo readers only

'Straight-up miracle juice': Over 35,000 Amazon shoppers are obsessed. Smell ya later!

12h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Teachers, nurses and podiatrists love Amazon's top-rated walking shoe — and it's only $35

Over 54,000 five-star reviewers rave about this ridiculously supportive sneaker.

3d ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Amazon is having a massive memory card sale—save up to 52 percent, today only

Ramp up your storage, effortlessly!

20h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Who knew you could enjoy indoor coziness out on the patio with this heater, now just $105 at Amazon?

This dynamo from Heat Storm will make your front porch, garage and workshop as toasty as your living room. Oh, and it's $45 off.

8h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Today only, grab a Philips Sonicare electric toothbrush at Amazon for $60 off: 'My teeth feel so amazing after I use it'

Amazon just slashed prices on one of the most buzzed-about electric toothbrushes out there.

4d ago

Yahoo Life

Adele says she was 'f***ing disappointed' by 'brutal' conversations about her body: 'That hurt my feelings'

The singer is the cover star for both American and British Vogue.

4d ago

Yahoo Life

Ginger Zee opens up about struggles with self-esteem: ‘I often avoided mirrors’

The 40-year-old meteorologist wants to help others.

9h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Whoa! Amazon's wildly popular cotton masks are just $6 — for four!

The top-rated masks feature two layers of lightweight jersey, per the CDC’s recommendation, and a 3D shape for a snug but comfy fit.

4d ago

Yahoo Life Videos

DC's new Superman is bisexual and will encounter 'new fights' to 'stand up to' in its latest incarnation

The DC Universe is celebrating Oct. 11's National Coming Out Day in the most super way possible. On Monday, the comic-book publisher announced that Jon Kent, Superman of Earth and son of Clark Kent and Louis Lane, will be coming out as bisexual in the newest issue of Superman: Son of Kal-El, the fifth in the series, to be released on Nov. 9.

11h ago

Yahoo Life

Two Echo Dots and an Echo Show are on sale — Black Friday came way early this year!

Get a jump on holiday shopping with these insane smart home deals!

11h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Amazon shoppers love this Columbia fleece so much they’re buying multiples — it's on sale for $40

'I dare you to choose just one,' says a fan of the jacket — it comes in 36 colors!

15h ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

Rake in the holiday weekend deals at Walmart, with electronics markdowns up to 50 percent off!

Reap a harvest of holiday weekend sales from Shark, Samsung, Apple, Sony and more.

3d ago

More Stories