HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Breaking News: Human remains found in Florida confirmed to be Brian Laundrie, FBI says

Close this content

Read full article

In The Know by Yahoo

TikToker reveals ‘genius’ life hack for getting better sleep on a plane

October 20, 2021, 12:24 PM

A TikToker is going viral after sharing her “genius” alternative to using a neck pillow for travel. A TikToker is going viral after sharing her “genius” alternative to using a neck pillow for travel. The trick, courtesy of user Hello Kristen (@hellokristen), has hundreds of thousands of views and plenty of praise. The trick, courtesy of user Hello Kristen (@hellokristen), has hundreds of thousands of views and plenty of praise. The tip deals with a problem almost any air traveler can relate to — how hard it is to fall asleep on a flight. Her solution? Use a neck brace instead of a neck pillow. “I have purchased like five different travel neck pillows and they all suck,” the TikToker said in her clip. “I wish that something would just hold my neck in place, kind of like a neck brace”. So instead of buying something like a neck brace, @hellokristen literally just bought a neck brace. As she pointed out in the video, the brace supports your neck from all sides — unlike a neck pillow. “If I’m traveling for more than eight hours, I do not care how I look,” @hellokristen added. “It is all about comfort”. TikTok users largely supported the idea. Many called it “genius”. “This is the best idea ever,” one user wrote

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Recommended Stories

Bicycling

Dumbbell Back Workout for Better Posture & Performance

Trainer Rachel Andrews shows you a dumbbell back workout for better posture and performance.

10h ago

Travel & Leisure Video

These Travel Hacks Will Save You Money When Booking Your Next Vacation, According to Expedia

More savings means more travel.

1d ago

Refinery29

The Best Face Oils For Acne-Prone Skin

As someone who’s had on-and-off acne for a decade, there’s little that I haven’t tried in the hopes of clear skin. A career around the beauty industry — and unfettered access to products and the industry’s foremost skin experts — has helped me make sense of my finicky complexion, but I still get flare-ups like anyone else. I tend to be up for anything when it comes to testing out products, but I must admit that I was a pretty late adopter to face oils. I (falsely!) worried that they would only t

10h ago

PureWow

The 8 Best Kitchen Organizing Hacks We Learned From TikTok

The kitchen is the nexus of your home. But if you’re anything like us, it’s also the place where all your loose cords, broken kids’ toys and unpaid bills end up. Never fear, because we’ve rounded up some of the...

2d ago

In The Know by Yahoo

TikToker reveals ‘genius’ life hack for getting better sleep on a plane: ‘It’s all about comfort’

A TikToker is going viral after sharing her "genius" alternative to using a neck pillow for travel.

13h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

TikTok users want to know if you do the 'tongue thing'

TikTokers are dying to know if they do that, you know, "tongue thing". To determine if they do the "tongue thing" people lip-sync to the song "Don't Run Away" by Tyler James Williams featuring IM5 from the 2012 Disney Channel film Let It Shine. If their tongue sticks out to enunciate certain lyrics then yes, they do the "tongue thing". The viral lyrics are: This is more than a crush/More than a like, like/More than a love/Baby I'ma make you mine/And I ain't giving up. @mare.bearrrr couldn't believe how much she stuck her tongue out while miming to the track. "Ughh, I do the tongue thing," @spicykimchiboi said after cracking himself up at the sight of his protruding tongue. Meanwhile, @cystien claimed her tongue hit the roof of her mouth rather than sticking out

1d ago

Who What Wear

24 Gems to Order From Net-a-Porter's Friends & Family Sale Before They Sell Out

No time to waste.

2d ago

PureWow

People Who Put Up Holiday Decorations Early Are Happier, According to Scientists

Fact: There are two types of people in this world. You either a) break out the holiday wrapping paper on November 1 or b) you “bah humbug” your way through the...

1d ago

BBC

Elon Musk's Tesla reports record sales and profits

The electric car maker recorded its highest quarterly profit of $1.6bn and sold more than 240,000 cars.

15h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Airline passenger reveals ‘mind-blowing’ hack for tracking flights on your phone: ‘I never knew this’

A TikTok user is drawing praise with his "mind-blowing" hack for how to how to track flights on an iPhone.

5h ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Here’s where to buy the pore-cleaning mousse that’s taking TikTok by storm

You have to see it in action.

2d ago

PopSugar

This TikTok Hack For Sending Emoji With the iPhone Echo Effect Makes Texting More Fun

Thanks to TikTok user Imani Futrell, aka @futrelli, I now have one more iPhone hack to add to my texting arsenal. Back in 2020, Imani shared a hack for sending multiple emoji using the Echo Effect on iPhones, and it's a game changer when it comes to expressing exactly how I feel. Now, instead of sending three giant emoji in a row or sending them with the Echo Effect one at a time, I can send 🍕 + 🍾 + 🥳 for a pizza party, fill the screen with multi-colored hearts, or force the unknowing recipient of my text to piece together exactly what I mean when I send 🤡 + 🍿 + 👀 (horror movie night).

1d ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Is ‘deep-fried’ pizza better than the real thing?

This viral pizza recipe has a ‘secret’ ingredient

1d ago

USA TODAY

Hiking hasn't always been accessible to all, but these groups are opening up the outdoors

The outdoors are everyone, but haven't always been accessible or safe for all. These groups are working to change that for newcomers amid the COVID pandemic.

1d ago

The Daily Beast

California Officials Reveal How Hiking Family Mysteriously Dropped Dead

YouTube/ABCA family of three found dead on a Northern California hiking trail in August died of heat exposure and possible dehydration, the local sheriff’s office revealed Thursday.“Heat-related deaths are extremely difficult to investigate,” Mariposa County Sheriff Jeremy Briese said at a press conference, citing an official cause of death of “hyperthermia and probably dehydration.”The bodies of John Gerrish, Ellen Chung, and their 1-year-old daughter Muji were found mid-August on the Savage Lu

4h ago

CBS News

Human remains found in Florida confirmed to be Brian Laundrie

The discovery came after a weeks-long manhunt following the death of Gabby Petito.

3h ago

Business Insider

'I've lost my joy': Anti-vax Republican, who worked for the Trump campaign and embraced QAnon, says she has COVID-19

Lauren Witzke, the 2020 GOP candidate for US Senate in Delaware, told followers she had "lost all of my senses."

3h ago

SheKnows

Michael Jackson's Daughter Paris Jackson Documented a Nearly-Naked Full Moon Ritual

Paris Jackson enjoyed Wednesday night’s full moon with her friends and a nearly-naked frolic in nature. The singer chronicled their adventures on Instagram and shared some pretty intimate moments from the ritual. The first image shows Paris and her four friends with their backs to the camera — tops off and their bottoms showing. She […]

7h ago

Atlanta Black Star

‘Sunny Is Just As Smart’: Condoleezza Rice’s ‘Brazenly Condescending’ Back and Forth with ‘The View’ Co-Host Sunny Hostin Called Out by Viewers

Sunny Hostin and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice have different views regarding the Capitol riots that took place on Jan. 6. Those disagreements came […]

10h ago

People

Bride Wears Her Grandmother's Wedding Dress from 1961 That Was Kept in an 'Old Bag' in Basement

"She stored it in an old bag because she didn't think it was anything 'special.' But to me, it was," the bride said

2h ago

More Stories

TRENDING

Good Morning America

Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean'

Good Morning America·10 min read

Reuters

Melbourne readies to exit world's longest COVID-19 lockdown

Reuters·3 min read

Washington Post

Inaction on climate change imperils millions of lives, doctors say

Washington Post·11 min read

INSIDER

Laundrie family lawyer says 'probability is strong' that the apparent human remains found are Brian's

INSIDER·2 min read

INSIDER

77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

INSIDER·3 min read

POPULAR

Airline passenger reveals ‘mind-blowing’ hack for tracking flights on your phone: ‘I never knew this’

In The Know by Yahoo

Airline passenger reveals ‘mind-blowing’ hack for tracking flights on your phone

In The Know by Yahoo

This clever hack will keep your kids from getting bored of their toys

In The Know by Yahoo

Instantly upgrade your bed or sofa with this $25 throw pillow set from Walmart

In The Know by Yahoo

What I Did for One Week For Better Sleep

Eating Well

Guy sleeping in car falls victim to trending viral prank

Rumble

DMPD: Woman dies after gunshot wound to her neck

KCCI - Des Moines Videos

Viral TikTok Shows Mom's Step-by-Step Routine for Getting Baby to Sleep Through the Night

Parents

I'm a Home Writer, and These Are the 10 Cozy Essentials I'm Buying This Fall

Real Simple

These Travel Hacks Will Save You Money When Booking Your Next Vacation, According to Expedia

Travel & Leisure Video

This $40 Leg Elevation Pillow Is Bringing Shoppers With Leg and Lower Body Pain 'Deep Relief'

Real Simple

Viral TikTok Theory Suggests Bluey Might Be a Rainbow Baby

Parents

Leslie Bricusse: 'Lyrical genius' of film dies aged 90

BBC

TikTok hair hack: Is this $7 face serum the solution to dry hair?

Yahoo Canada Style