HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Breaking News: Human remains found in Florida confirmed to be Brian Laundrie, FBI says

Close this content

Read full article

Associated Press

Mizzou suspends fraternity activities after hospitalization

October 21, 2021, 6:18 AM·2 min read

COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — The University of Missouri-Columbia has suspended all fraternity activities after an alcohol-filled party ended with a freshman being taken to a hospital. An initial investigation found that several members of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity were believed to have consumed significant amounts of alcohol during the party, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported. No other details were available, including the condition of the student, who was found unresponsive early Wednesday. A crowd of about 200 people gathered late Wednesday outside the Phi Gamma Delta house, with some chanting “Stop the hazing. We want justice,” The Columbia Missourian reported. “Hazing has gone on for too long, and it shouldn’t take someone almost dying for the university to do something about it,” one student, Olivia Sommer, said. Besides the clampdown on fraternity social events, the university's Phi Gamma Delta chapter also has been suspended temporarily. The suspension was ordered by the university and the fraternity’s national organization. The fraternity's national president and spokeswoman didn't immediately respond to an email from The Associated Press on Thursday seeking comment. The Missouri University Police Department and the Office of Student Accountability & Support also continue to investigate. “We are extremely concerned about the events that were occurring at the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity,” Bill Stackman, vice chancellor for Student Affairs at the Columbia campus, said in a statement.  He said there would be a thorough review of the methods put in place to ensure safety at fraternity events “As part of the investigations, we will hold anyone accountable who is found to have willfully ignored or violated university regulations," he said. “Those individuals could also face criminal charges.” Conner Sibley, Mizzou’s Greek council president and a senior at the school, said in a statement that the group is “in agreement with the actions being taken by the university," adding that “nothing is more important than the safety of the Mizzou community.” The suspension follows warnings last month for students to be aware of suspected drugged drinks on the Columbia campus. The warnings came after the institution’s office for Civil Rights & Title IX received multiple reports of people suspecting that drinks were drugged at locations throughout Columbia, including some who may have been at fraternity social events. Campus police and the Columbia Police Department were investigating those cases.

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Recommended Stories

Autoblog

Volvo recalls another 195,000 vehicles for airbags after a death

Volvo has recalled 194,546 vehicles built between 2001 and 2007 due to airbag inflators that "may explode during deployment, due to propellant degradation occurring after long-term exposure to high absolute humidity, high temperatures, and high temperature cycling." The vehicles included in this recall are V70 and XC70 models that were built from Feb. 22, 2000 through May 4, 2007, but similar recalls have included other Volvo models for the same issue. In total, Volvo has recalled more than half a million vehicles worldwide to replace faulty inflators.

10h ago

Yahoo Sports

After firing 5 coaches, Washington State faces 'unprecedented' challenge

One thing isn't up for debate in Nick Rolovich's termination from Washington State. He's left behind a messy and rare situation to clean up.

9h ago

Associated Press

California maskless woman in store convicted of trespassing

A Southern California woman who refused to wear a mask or leave a grocery store last year was convicted of trespassing and obstructing a business or customers. The jury found Marianne Campbell Smith guilty on Wednesday and Orange County Superior Court Judge John Zitny sentenced her to 40 hours of community service, a year of informal probation and a $200 fine, the Orange County Register reported. Smith, 57, was arrested on Aug. 15, 2020 at Mother’s Market in the city of Costa Mesa, where an anti-mask protest against California's mask mandate to prevent the spread of the coronavirus was happening nearby.

7h ago

Yahoo Life

Alicia Silverstone reflects on being body-shamed as Batgirl in new TikTok video

The 45-year-old actress recalls tabloid's obsession with her weight.

8h ago

Associated Press

Mask mandate may relax in some South Florida schools

The mask mandate for students in some South Florida schools could be eased by the end of October as local rates of COVID-19 infections and hospitalizations continue to fall, officials said. The number of students needing to quarantine in Miami-Dade County public schools has dropped significantly since school started in August, school Superintendent Alberto Carvalho said Wednesday. The district, which is the state's largest, joined a handful of other districts — representing about half of Florida's public school students — in adopting mask requirements with an opt-out only for medical reasons.

13h ago

USA TODAY

In-N-Out decision to not check customers' vaccination status stirs political debate on social media

In-N-Out said they stood by their decision to not check customers' vaccine status, which has sent Twitter into a frenzy.

1d ago

Yahoo Finance

Federal Reserve tightens ethics rules to ban active trading by senior officials

The Fed on Thursday said it will tighten its ethics rules concerning personal finances among its most senior officials, the latest development in a trading scandal that has led to the resignation of two policymakers.

7h ago

Washington Post

Japan and South Korea never did full lockdowns. It left lessons on how to coexist with the virus.

TOKYO - In Japan, the newly minted prime minister has vowed to create a path into the "post-corona era." South Korea has launched a "living with covid-19" panel of experts. Like many countries, both are navigating a way to safely coexist with the coronavirus in the face of increasing economic pressures and a potential new wave of infections in the winter.Subscribe to The Post Most newsletter for the most important and interesting stories from The Washington Post. But unlike many other countries,

15h ago

Yahoo News 360

Digital dollars: Should the U.S. have its own virtual currency?

Countries around the world have begun experimenting with digital money, but there's heated debate over whether the U.S. should follow their lead.

6h ago

Associated Press

It will take more than rain to end drought in Western U.S.

Newsom's order might seem jarring, especially as forecasters predict up to 7 inches (18 centimeters) of rain could fall on parts of the Northern California mountains and Central Valley this week. For decades, California has relied on rain and snow in the winter to fill the state's major rivers and streams in the spring, which then feed a massive system of lakes that store water for drinking, farming and energy production. In the spring, California's snowpack in the Sierra Nevada mountains was 60% of its historical average.

21h ago

Kansas City Star

Mizzou students slam officials for lax oversight following fraternity drinking incident

A freshman was hospitalized early Wednesday after a frat party

4h ago

Yahoo News

Rep. Jerry Nadler scolds GOP lawmakers for not wearing masks at House Judiciary hearing

The House Judiciary Committee chairman called out several non-mask-wearing members — including Reps. Jim Jordan, Matt Gaetz and Marjorie Taylor Greene — by name.

7h ago

The New York Times

Ex-Giuliani Ally Gained Easy Access to Trump's Orbit, Texts Show

NEW YORK — The messages, written in Russian and shared on WhatsApp in October 2018, were celebratory. “How is Washington?” Andrey Kukushkin asked in a message to an associate, Igor Fruman. “Everything is great!!” Fruman wrote back. “We are taking over the country!!!!” Soon after, Fruman’s business partner, Lev Parnas, provided some evidence: a picture of himself, beaming as he stood between Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Sign up for The Morning newsletter from the New York Times Three years lat

13h ago

Yahoo Sports

NFL reaches agreement to end 'race norming' in $1B concussion settlement

The NFL previously assumed that Black players have relatively lower cognitive baselines when evaluating brain injury settlements.

21h ago

Yahoo Finance

Here are the best and worst states for jobs

Initial unemployment claims reached their lowest level since March 2020 last week, as the number of firings and other voluntary separations slowing further in the recovering economy.

10h ago

The New York Times

'It Should Not Have Happened': Asylum Officers Detail Migrants' Accounts of Abuse

A Honduran man seeking a safe haven in the United States said a Border Patrol officer told him that he would not be granted asylum — a determination the officer was not authorized to make — and when the migrant refused to sign paperwork, the officer said he would be sent to jail, where he would be raped. In a report prepared by an asylum officer at Citizenship and Immigration Services, the officer wrote that threatening rape for refusing to sign paperwork was “a gross violation.” “I’m really sor

13h ago

Yahoo Sports

Lamar Jackson and Baker Mayfield's contract extensions are suddenly headed in very different directions

Both teams entered the season hoping to get answers on whether or not they should extend their franchise quarterbacks. Only one has gotten them.

1d ago

Road & Track

Porsche 962C Race Car Worth $1.2 Million Suffers Heavy Crash at Spa

The driver made out without major injuries.

1d ago

Yahoo Life Shopping

'My feet never hurt!': Medical pros and 34,000+ Amazon shoppers adore these on-sale $34 sneakers

The super-comfy walking shoes are nearly 45 percent off right now. Browse all 30 colors!

1d ago

In The Know by Yahoo

Walmart just unveiled a bunch of Black Friday deals early — score major savings on TVs, vacuums, toys and more

Black Friday came early.

1d ago

More Stories

TRENDING

Good Morning America

Ex-surgeon confesses he took wife's 'body out of the airplane over the ocean'

Good Morning America·10 min read

Reuters

Melbourne readies to exit world's longest COVID-19 lockdown

Reuters·3 min read

Washington Post

Inaction on climate change imperils millions of lives, doctors say

Washington Post·11 min read

INSIDER

Laundrie family lawyer says 'probability is strong' that the apparent human remains found are Brian's

INSIDER·2 min read

INSIDER

77-year-old 'Squid Game' player 001 actor says he can't handle the volume of acting jobs he's being offered

INSIDER·3 min read

POPULAR

UK suspends fraternity pledge activities, orders hazing prevention training after death

Lexington Herald-Leader

University of Kentucky takes action against fraternity while two probes underway

Lexington Herald-Leader

New restrictions for UK fraternities

WLEX

Kentucky student found unresponsive at fraternity dies of 'presumed alcohol toxicity'

NBC News

A UK student’s death shows again: Too many tragedies surround too many fraternities.

Lexington Herald-Leader

UK police found a liquor violation at frat house where student was before he died

Lexington Herald-Leader

Mizzou loses team captain Case Cook, two defensive players to season-ending injuries

Kansas City Star

I quit alcohol after 16 years of drinking. It's hard, but I'm a much better mom now.

INSIDER

Controversial Miami cop Javier Ortiz suspended amid internal affairs investigation

Miami Herald

Alcohol and breast cancer risk

WXII - Greensboro/Winston-Salem Videos

Yes, Hangxiety Is Real—Here's What to Do About It

Who What Wear

A cancer survivor carried the coronavirus for almost a year in the world's longest-ever active COVID-19 case

Business Insider

5-star WR Luther Burden picks Mizzou over UGA, Bama

UGA Wire