HOME

MAIL

NEWS

FINANCE

SPORTS

ENTERTAINMENT

LIFE

SHOPPING

YAHOO PLUS

MORE...

Download the Yahoo News app

Yahoo News

Search query

Sign in

Mail

Sign in to view your mail

News News

US US

Politics Politics

World World

COVID-19 COVID-19

Climate Change Climate Change

Originals Originals The 360

The 360 Skullduggery

Skullduggery Conspiracyland

Conspiracyland

Health Health

Science Science

Podcasts Podcasts

Contact Us Contact Us

Videos Videos

……

Close this content

Idaho Statesman

A 600-pound elk lived stuck in a tire for nearly half its life, Colorado officials say

Read full article

Maddie Capron

October 11, 2021, 10:30 AM·2 min read

A 600-pound elk was stuck with a tire around its neck for two years before wildlife officials could remove it. The 4 1/2-year-old bull elk was first spotted in July 2019 with a tire wrapped around its neck, Colorado Parks and Wildlife officials said. “Being up in the wilderness, we didn’t really expect to be able to get our hands on the elk just because of the proximity or the distance away from civilization,” wildlife officer Scott Murdoch said in a news release. “It is harder to get the further they are back in there.”

Since the first sighting, however, the elk had been spotted several other times over the years. Trail cameras picked up footage of the elk with the tire three times in 2020. In May and June of this year, wildlife officers tried to catch the elk with no luck. On Saturday, wildlife officials were able to make contact with the elk after trying to tranquilize the elk four times during the week. Wildlife officers Murdoch and Dawson Swanson hit the elk with a tranquilizer dart, cut the bull’s antlers off and removed the tire, Colorado Parks and Wildlife said. The officers tried to cut through the tire, but it wouldn’t budge. “It was tight removing it,” Murdoch said in the release. “It was not easy for sure, we had to move it just right to get it off because we weren’t able to cut the steel in the bead of the tire. Fortunately, the bull’s neck still had a little room to move.” The tire was heavy and full of pine needles and dirt. Wildlife officials estimated there was at least 10 pounds of debris jammed inside the tire. The elk lost about 35 pounds after the tire and its antlers were removed, officials said. Even though the heavy tire had been on the elk’s head for at least two years, the bull was mostly uninjured, wildlife officials said. “The hair was rubbed off a little bit, there was one small open wound maybe the size of a nickel or quarter, but other than that it looked really good,” Murdoch said in the release. “I was actually quite shocked to see how good it looked.”

Story continues

Officials said the elk is a good reminder for people to keep their yards “free of obstacles” for wildlife. “Wildlife officers have seen deer, elk, moose, bears and other wildlife become entangled in a number of man-made obstacles that include swing sets, hammocks, clothing lines, decorative or holiday lighting, furniture, tomato cages, chicken feeders, laundry baskets, soccer goals or volleyball nets, and yes, tires,” officials said. Buck tangled in Christmas lights in Colorado serves as reminder to decorate safely Unknown object in buck’s neck had to be removed, CO officials say. What was it? Young mule deer got trapped in ‘gooey’ mud. Photos show how an Idaho warden saved it

Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting

Recommended Stories

Associated Press

Elk roaming Colorado with tire around neck for 2 years freed

Wildlife officials in Colorado say an elusive elk that has been wandering the hills with a car tire around its neck for at least two years has finally been freed of the obstruction. The 4 1/2-year-old, 600-pound (270-kilogram) bull elk was spotted near Pine Junction, southwest of Denver, on Saturday evening and tranquilized, according to Colorado Parks and Wildlife. “We would have preferred to cut the tire and leave the antlers for his rutting activity, but the situation was dynamic and we had to just get the tire off in any way possible,” officer Scott Murdoch said.

9h ago

Nerdist

Here’s New Footage of a Giant ‘Mystery’ Squid Near a Shipwreck

A team of scientists has released new footage of a giant "mystery" squid found near a shipwreck in the northern part of the Red Sea. The post Here’s New Footage of a Giant ‘Mystery’ Squid Near a Shipwreck appeared first on Nerdist.

8h ago

American City Business Journals

United Airlines suspends several nonstop flights from SFO

United Airlines has suspended several nonstops to popular business destinations from San Francisco International Airport through February. United (NASDAQ: UAL) suspended SFO nonstops to Calgary, a Canadian energy and business center; Northwest Arkansas National Airport, popular with tech vendors and other suppliers to Walmart, based in nearby Bentonville; Toronto; St. Louis; and Oklahoma City. Elsewhere in the Bay Area, United has also suspended nonstop flights from Mineta San Jose International Airport to the carrier’s Chicago O’Hare hub through February.

7h ago

Washington Examiner

TikTok sleuths think Brian Laundrie is hiding in a bunker under his parents' backyard

Tik Tok sleuths think Brian Laundrie may be hiding in an underground bunker beneath his parents’ flower bed based on drone video footage that some say shows a hand sticking out of the soil.

3h ago

Good Housekeeping

Hallmark Releases a Shocking Statement About Lori Loughlin's Return to 'When Calls the Heart'

Following news about Lori Loughlin's return to TV as Abigail Stanton in When Hope Calls, Hallmark Channel released a statement, clarifying that they have no plans to work with the actress.

1d ago

Washington Examiner

California law bans small off-road gas engines, including lawnmowers and chainsaws

California took another step toward its goal of ridding the state of all gas-powered engines thanks to a new bill signed by Gov. Gavin Newsom on Saturday.

1d ago

Associated Press

Risky move: Biden undercuts WH executive privilege shield

It’s a risky move by President Joe Biden that could come back to haunt him — and future presidents — in the hyperpartisan world of Washington politics. Democrat Biden has agreed to a request from Congress seeking sensitive information on the actions of his predecessor Donald Trump and his aides during the Jan. 6 insurrection, though the former president claims the information is guarded by executive privilege. The move by Biden isn't the final word; Republican Trump says he will challenge the requests and a lengthy legal battle is likely to ensue over the information.

8h ago

Associated Press

Miami police chief being fired after 6 months on the job

Miami officials have decided to fire the city’s new police chief six months into his stormy tenure, after he was lambasted by city commissioners who he accused of meddling in the police department and internal affairs investigations. Miami City Manager Art Noriega said in a statement Monday that he suspended Chief Art Acevedo with the intent to terminate his employment. Art Acevedo was recruited by Miami Mayor Francis Suarez, who earlier this year hailed him as “America’s best chief.”

4h ago

The Daily Beast

We Finally Know How 43 Students on a Bus Vanished Into Thin Air

Pedro Pardo/AFP via GettyTranscripts of newly released text messages between a crime boss and a deputy police chief have finally lifted the lid on the mystery of 43 students who went missing one night in southwestern Mexico.The messages indicate that the cops and the cartel worked together to capture, torture, and murder at least 38 of the 43 student teachers who went missing in September of 2014.The students had made the deadly mistake of commandeering several buses in order to drive to Mexico

2d ago

AccuWeather

Storm system dumps autumn snow across the West

From Montana to Nevada, snow fell in the western U.S. from Oct. 10-11, creating some very early winter wonderlands.

3h ago

Seventeen

Addison Rae Is Giving "Little Mermaid" In An Adorable Turquoise Bikini

Addison pulled of the iconic Little Mermaid color scheme flawlessly, in a turquoise string bikini and a purple sarong.

12h ago

STYLECASTER

Tom Cruise Just Had a Rare Outing With His Son—Here’s What His Child With Nicole Kidman Looks Like Now

Their son is all grown up!

7h ago

INSIDER

A tire was stuck around the neck of a 600-pound elk for nearly half of its life, local officials say

Wildlife officer Dawson Swanson said the bull elk lost 35 pounds after the tire, which was full of wet pine needles and dirt, was removed.

2h ago

The Daily Beast

A Condo Board Fought a 9/11 Responder Over His Shoes. Now It Has a Bigger Problem: the DOJ

Courtesy Charlie BurgeAn apparently intractable conflict between a Florida condo board and a disabled 9/11 responder over him leaving his shoes outside his front door has become so toxic that the federal government has stepped in to try and resolve it.Charlie Burge worked for the New York City Department of Sanitation for 35 years, first hitting the pavement in 1981 and eventually overseeing nighttime operations in North Brooklyn. On September 11, 2001, Burge ran across the Brooklyn Bridge to he

11h ago

Associated Press

Election workers accused of shredding voter applications

Officials in Georgia's most populous county, where election operations are already under review by the state, have fired two workers accused of shredding paper voter registration applications, according to a county statement released Monday. Preliminary information indicates that the employees checked out batches of applications for processing, and they are alleged to have shredded some of the forms, the Fulton County statement says. The county statement says the applications were received in the past two weeks.

10h ago

Miami Herald

She said a Broward T-Mobile manager ruined her life. She’s accused of attempted murder

A Sunrise woman marched into a Lauderhill Metro by T-Mobile store Friday evening and began firing a gun to settle a problem she had with the manager, Lauderhill police say.

13h ago

INSIDER

Halsey shared photos of their belly after people complimented their postpartum body: 'I do not want to feed the illusion'

Halsey said she wore "a custom tailored outfit" and had "perfect" lighting during her performance of "I Am Not a Woman, I'm a God" on "SNL."

10h ago

Good Housekeeping

'Jeopardy!' Star Matt Amodio Just Revealed a Shocking Fact About the Show's Process

'Jeopardy!' champion Matt Amodio is competing on the beloved game show but before he was featured on it, he had to pass several tests besides ones about his intelligence.

7h ago

TheGrio

Florida city’s first Black female firefighter sues after mural depicts her as white

Boynton Beach, Fla.’s Deputy Fire Chief Latosha Clemons is suing the city after she was depicted on a public art […] The post Florida city’s first Black female firefighter sues after mural depicts her as white appeared first on TheGrio.

12h ago

Variety

Matt Amodio Loses on ‘Jeopardy!’, Ending Historic Winning Streak

Matt Amodio finally lost on “Jeopardy!”, bringing to a close the Yale Ph.D. student’s 38-game run on the popular syndicated game show. Fan-favorite Amodio lost in Monday’s episode after he failed to provide the correct response in Final Jeopardy. He finished his “Jeopardy!” streak in the No. 2 spot on the all-time consecutive wins rankings […]

6h ago

More Stories

TRENDING

Business Insider

Some GOP officials are urging Republican voters to back Democrats in 2022 to save the party from 'pro-Trump extremists'

Business Insider·3 min read

Washington Examiner

TikTok sleuths think Brian Laundrie is hiding in a bunker under his parents' backyard

Washington Examiner·2 min read

INSIDER

Prince Charles says his Aston Martin sports car, gifted to him on his 21st birthday by the Queen, runs on white wine and cheese

INSIDER·3 min read

TODAY

Adele responds to controversy sparked by photo of her wearing Bantu knots

TODAY·2 min read

Fox News

Charlie Sheen and Denise Richards’ daughter, Sami, posts glamour snaps amid child support drama

Fox News·3 min read

POPULAR

Brown bear spotted taking a bath at wildlife sanctuary home in Otisville, New York

USA TODAY

Mountain lion badly burned in Bobcat fire dies nearly a year after release back into wild

LA Times

Why Is Pound Cake Called Pound Cake?

MyRecipes

Nature: Arkansas wildlife

CBS News Videos

Man Shot In Willingboro Parking Lot, Officials Say

CBS-Philadelphia

Deontay Wilder highlights weight difference as key reason for brutal loss to Tyson Fury

The Independent

Drone Finds Missing Dog Who Was Stuck in Marsh

Daily Paws

Latest weather with Leslie Lopez

KABC – Los Angeles

Coronavirus dashboard: Catch up fast

Axios

Humid and breezy today, a weak front arrives overnight

KTRK – Houston

Wake-Up Weather: Warm week

WABC – NY

The Republican Party continues to empower Trump's election falsehoods

NBC News

Second Opinion: Governments are coming for big tech. Here's what it could mean for your rights online

Los Angeles Times Opinion

Navy nuclear engineer charged with trying to pass secrets

Associated Press